once on the moon an unusual baby was born
I was born and it happened that he got
where I found a lot of new friends
kreed and that's what happened next we
by you now and find out
annoyance why began to enter
Now I will show you how to two times two
one, two, three, too, is 2
but now everything is exactly 5 stuff
2 yes what is who it is all
scattered hello guys
where are you going to stand uncle korneya
bowl and go to the site will be in the ball
to play and here I am decided today my land
pour half a day with the apparatus fiddling
It turned out one Gadget got lost here
finally i found we probably you
interfere gone if at the roots I would give you
such tracks showed could not collect your
the apparatus in another place so that all is okay
time angry look at the stranded at the root
he has his machine broken it is nothing
as calm as ever
saw my uncle come to me waved
hands and shouting at someone
he probably even drain they can
think you argue I will quickly bring him out
Mei me a couple of seconds is enough I don't want
win me too wait for us in
the other side
here
at
[music]
give
in the face of the stones you can not catch it
then no longer try to understand Come
other
[music]
you
give
[music]
uncle roots and it's okay and here
apparatus
sorry probably completely broke and you
half a day they took him away and all in vain
and the earth today you can no longer
blow up terribly yes don't you want to
scoundrel let off steam and what faces
unpleasant things often happen and
not going anywhere from them
why am I going to waste time on
annoyed I better myself instead
I would like to loosen the earth though
a little bit on the angry shout, we
half day spent on it and even to me
Do not put firewood and slaughtered
unscrewed so it's all because of you
bake like to piss you off
laughing don't you get mad at us
you like to annoy others
you enjoy when you
mad or someone mad at you well here
see better do something
really interesting boxing affairs were
5 have the guys tried to get nothing out
didn't work noon wasted
then why are you so calm not
mad don't shout
don't wave your hands why are we going
spend time irritating better
do something really
interesting yes better practice swords
stuff and really play much
more interesting than being angry and wasting energy on
irritation
[music]